---
layout: post
title: "Payday 2 Achievement Dumps"
---

**Contents**
* TOC
{:toc}

## Achievement Spreadsheet

In an attempt to grind out all of the achievements, I've made a spreadsheet filled with all of the achievements and their descriptions. It's also sorted out if it requires specific heist(s).


It's available on [Google Drive](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tu576_Ae8OzezTvHrvYCWJo2t3i6gneTh6tXxmuEJDs/edit?usp=sharing) and uses a custom app script formula to automatically filter all the achievements.
You fill in a list of achievement code names into the `Completed Achievements` tab and it automatically updates all of the achievement data.

I've made a Python script to generate the auto fill data which supports multiple players (so you can filter out achievements that all people are missing or just one/etc). It's available as a [gist on Github](https://gist.github.com/FromDarkHell/d1efbacfba7c990dc6e560dc9f9c223e). You need your Steam User IDs and a [Steam API key](https://steamcommunity.com/dev/apikey) for the achievements request.

### Specific Achievements

There are a few specific achievements that *require* 4 players (despite not actually *needing* them).
This includes:
1. `Here Comes the Pain Train` (`ameno_4`)
2. `Cooking With Style` (`ovk_1`)
3. `Heisters of the Round Table` (`steel_1`)
4. `Original Heisters` (`green_2`)
5. `Reputation Beyond Reproach` (`ovk_5`)
6. `120 Proof` (`ovk_7`)

These ones all require any of their specific masks be worn by all 4 **players** (this doesn't include AI). The list of masks is mutually exclusive so only 1 player can wear each mask.
1. `Reindeer Games` (`charliesierra_9`)
2. `Ghost Riders` (`bob_10`)
3. `Funding Father` (`bigbank_10`)
4. `Four Monkeys` (`gage4_12`)
5. `Sounds of Animals Fighting` (`pig_5`)
6. `Unusual Suspects` (`gage5_6`)
7. `Wind of Change` (`eagle_3`)
8. `Riders On the Snowstorm` (`deer_6`)
9. `Honor Among Thieves` (`bat_5`)
10. `Animal Kingdom` (`brb_10`)

(For future reference, this was all mined out from `lib/states/missionendstate.lua` and `lib/tweak_data/achievementstweakdata.lua` from the [LuaJIT dumps](https://github.com/steam-test1/Payday-2-LuaJIT-Complete))